The Temple of Zeus is a brightly lit, sky blue, marble room with a mosaic of a fist holding a lightning bolt covering the entire tile floor. There is only one door ahead of you with a scroll on it. The door you entered has yet again disappeared into a wall. On one side of the room, there is a simple table with a mysterious, leather, draw-string bag on it.
The Temple of Poseidon has limestone walls and a seafoam green floor. In the center of the room there is a large stone basin of rainwater. Above it, there is a a circular hole the size of the basin in the ceiling; your first glimse of the sky outside since entering Daedalus' underground labyrinth. Yet again, across from you is a single door with a scroll pinned to it. And yet again, there is no visible proof of your entryway. There is a pitcher on the basin's rim. 
The Temple of Demeter is a bright yellow marble room with wheat-painted columns along the sides of the room. There is a scroll on the door in front of you, and the door behind you disappeared. Are you sensing the pattern yet? In the center of the room is a stone slab-like table also painted with types of wheat. There is a cup on the table filled with the nector of the gods.
The Temple of Hephaestus looks like a machinery workshop. There are tools and chains hanging from the ceiling and the walls. There is only one door ahead of you, it has a scroll on it. There is a small forge off to one side that lights the room. On the other side of the room is an out-of-place painting.
The Temple of Hermes, the god of travelers (among other things), is an untidy marble room with cobblestone flooring. There is a scroll on the only door. There are many old, discarded objects spread throughout the room, including but not limited to: machine parts, a frying pan, small golden statuettes of gods, old books, and a bull's horn.
The Temple of Hades is a dark, chilling room with what feels like a mossy-covered stone floor. The door behind you creaks to a close when you enter. You can safely assume there is a riddle on the door on the far side of the room. The room is barely lit with unidentifiable green light coming from inside the walls. There is an eerie whispering sound filling the air. You see a sacrificial altar in the center of the room. On it, there is a pomegranate. There is also a small, elegant sword.
The Temple of Athena appears to be a glorified library. There are bookshelves along the sides of the room, with statues of owls on pedastals at their ends, making a central hallway leading to a single door. The door has a scroll on it, as expected. In the center of the aisle, there is a table with an inkpot, a quil pen, and paper on it. There is also a candle on the table.
The Temple of Apollo is a cheery and bright room, lit from a hole in the ceiling that opens to the outside sky. The sun-painted door on the other side of the room has another scroll pinned to it. There is a harp off to one side of the room. On the other side of the room stands a god, it must be Apollo. Underneath the hole in the ceiling, there is a beautiful flower.
The Temple of Hera is a regal-looking room with light-purple marble walls. On one wall is a painting of a peacock. The door on the other side looks a little ominous, but it has a familiar scroll on it. On the tile floor is a mosaic of a large golden circle. Inside the circle is a small chest. The chest contains a book.
The Temple of Ares is a dim room that has a reddish glow to it. You cannot see very far in front of you, but you can assume there is a door on the other side with a scroll on it. You hear a shuffling sound and then a loud exhaling snort. There's someone ..or something.. else in this room. On the ground at your feet you see a piece of string.
The Temple of Kronos is mostly empty with the exception of a large hour-glass at the far end of the room. There are no doors, not even the one you entered. A beautiful regal girl about your age reclines in a small chair off to your right. On your left is a small table with a scroll on it.